[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna do our absolute best to work
through the Devil's Rejects without
getting age-restricted let's get to it
we open up some narration indicating for
us that the game's essentially over the
police are now on a Search and Destroy
mission for the Firefly family no more
playing around 87 bodies later we get a
brief scene showing that tiniest still
kickin but seeing the impending
confrontation he basically pieces out
for this movie they surround the house
and rouse the family
sheriff Wydell gives a pep talk to his
men promising glory and paradise in this
life or the next inside the family
protects their of precious faces and
then commenced the shooting the police
forced their way in but are held off
just long enough for baby and Otis to
escape mother is close but is betrayed
by her own strong sense of
sentimentalism when they get to the road
baby pulls the old Good Samaritan drift
helping them to acquire a vehicle back
at the house the police are busy
collecting evidence in scrapbook format
a brief glance through one of the books
implicates Captain Spaulding indicating
his knowledge of the types of events
that tend to transpire at the house this
leads us to the wholesome home life of
Spalding enjoying a hotter upper in the
warm light of the Morning Sun we can
only imagine how much more whimsical it
gets because he receives a warning call
that the police are on to him and he
quickly drops his live-in lover like a
sack of crap baby a notice make it to
the meetup spot the kojiki palms they're
unable to book a room directly due to
their recently increased notoriety so
baby utilizes her feminine wiles
[Music]
hey to seduce old Roy and gain entry to
his room they quickly take control and
follow the golden rule always kill one
hostage to show you mean business we see
that Spalding has had some car troubles
so he commandeered this bitchin ride
using his official clown authority he
could just go but he takes this brief
opportunity to absolutely ruin this kid
for clowns men beards baldness makeup
teeth he takes 30 seconds to absolutely
destroy him forever when things start to
get a little boring at the hotel room
they decided to creep it up a bit and
then Otis takes the boys to run some
errands back at the station Wydell has
engaged in an interrogation of mother
Firefly who demonstrates her own
aptitude in the art of seduction
when Wydell pushes too hard she pulls
some Polaroids from a notebook showing
his brother George from the previous
movie to be one of their victims hearing
this news of his kin strengthens his
resolve to commit quadruple revenge
murders which she seems to encourage
Otis leads the men to an area where he
intends to dig up some guns he confirms
this also represents the end of their
journey with nothing left to lose Adam
finally takes some meaningful action Roy
unfortunately is a couple steps too slow
he fails to inflict any damage at all
and Otis manages to kill them both in
horrible fashion back at the hotel
things similarly begin to fall apart
baby does half the job of killing Gloria
by putting a buck knife in her heart and
Gloria finishes it by pulling it out I
honestly can't stress enough how
important it is to fight this instinct
meanwhile Wendy manages to get out and
seeks help from a wayward clown but gets
a smear of pancake makeup instead the
police discover that Captain Spaulding
is named after animal crackers from a
Marx brother movie so they call in the
Marx film scholar for help he looks
about exactly how you'd expect and
confirms all the aliases are fashioned
after Marx brother characters he then
ridicules their lack of knowledge and
gets run off due to negative comments he
makes about Elvis Presley although he
really wasn't wrong so I guess it's case
closed or cracked open or something I'm
not really sure this whole scene seems
to be here for her style purposes only
back at the hotel they've left Wendy
alive for the maid to find in a classic
prank fit for any YouTube prank channel
when she runs off and gets smeared in
the road by a semi it puts the police
back on their trail Wydell ultimately
decides to solicit the help of some
grimy ass county hunters to help locate
his prey one fever dream later and he's
getting a phone call to let him know
they have some legitimate leaves already
so good choice this prompts Wydell to
visit mother in order to get this
murdered
rolling down the track they have a
conversation full of double entendres
but are clearly not on the same page
since mom has got her tongue flicking
around like a lizard but in response
Wydell only penetrates her with a
massive bowie knife meanwhile the gang
arrives of the quaintest of backwoods
[ __ ] houses where they meet Spaulding's
brother Charlie he comes across a little
rough but he's just playing around
he is so silly after introduction to say
finally gets unwind a little
in between partying scenes we get some
shots of Wydell psyching himself up in
front of a mirror Travis Bickel style
the next morning Charlie grabs some
chicken for the evenings feast but gets
sidetracked on the way out wide el
confirms the trio's presence at
Charlie's establishment and charges him
with making sure they remain there until
midnight he then joins his bounty
hunters for a pre bushwhackin cookout
but finds out they have little in common
and after several tense words he goes
ahead and heads out that evening Charlie
and Spalding reminisce about the good
old days and then we find them all in
the process of making meaningful
personal connections as they reach peak
comfort levels the hunters infiltrate
and initiate the scorched earth protocol
killing innocence and letting nothing
stand in the way of their goals they get
rounded up and Charlie leaves no doubt
as to his involvement when he just
stands around right in the middle of
everything
wide el ties him up at their house and
makes a foolish attempt to shame them as
if they have any shame when this fails
he still makes sure they feel it they
then have to sit there and wait for him
to drink his courage and when he's
finally ready to get it up he release
his baby and then sets the house of
flame before giving chase she makes it
to the barn where she meets Charlie
who's decided it's not cool to be a
human [ __ ] stain but he fails to do much
to help the overall situation Wydell now
has the upper hand and uses it to lay
into baby he's just about to watch the
lights go out when she's saved
unexpectedly by tiny his character arc
has led him to overcome his fear of his
own burning home as evidenced by his
willingness to not only walk in and save
the boys but then walk back in as they
drive off you guys he's come so far on
their way out of town they run across a
blockade they decide to take it on
headfirst going out in a hail of bullets
and being turned into a bloody mess we
end on a slow-mo forward charge that
eliminates in a freeze-frame leaving us
to wonder just how the hell we're gonna
squeeze a trilogy out of this and that
was the Devil's Rejects it's taken 15
years for a follow-up let's hope it
lives up to the hype if you enjoyed the
video I'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]